This camera comes at a great price, it's super simple to use, and will make a fantastic gift for my future vlogger.It comes with two batteries, and a micro sd card! Two different ways to charge and a way to upload your photos and videos.When going through the modes you can easily change from different filters and even add a beauty effect!Overall, I am impressed!

I ordered this for my teen for school. It's very easy to use and picture quality is amazing. It's lightweight and compact so easy to put in backup. Love all the settings and features on the camera. Charges pretty fast and battery holds up well.

I am so pleased with my purchase of the 4K digital camera. It was easy to set up and easy to use! The picture and video quality is amazing!! This is a very good digital camera for an amazing price! You will not be disappointed, I am recommending this to anyone looking to take videos and high quality pictures!

Awesome digital camera on a budget. 4k quality. Multiple options and sleek looking. Would recceomend for anyone who is looking for a digital camera that takes great photos.

I absolutely love this camera, all the different features and settings are great! It has a self timer which is great for family photos! What a great buy! I definitely recommend this camera! 10/10

Product came in on time great price and very easy to use i love it build in flash is great as well

I recently got my hands on this 4K digital camera, and I'm truly impressed with its features.It takes really good-quality pictures. Easy to use and transfer pictures around. I really like the autofocus. It's fast and accurate. The 16X digital zoom is a nice addition, enabling me to get closer to the action without sacrificing image quality.The 3.0-inch flip screen is a fantastic addition as it allows me to frame shots or vlog on YouTube while having real-time control over the frame. The camera is compact and fits comfortably in my hand.The package also includes a 32GB SD card, two batteries and a charger.This camera is very beginner friendly, Highly recommend!

I bought this camera for my daughter birthday gift, this is a super good camera for the beginner.She took some great pictures on her holiday, more than she took with her phone. We downloaded the photos to our home computer, and the picture quality is perfect.It comes with 32gb card and 2 batteries. No charging issues for now.This is great because when you run out of one, you can use the other.These batteries can last for a long time.Overall, It is worthy of five-star recommendation.

This camera is my first choice. As an amateur photographer, I really like the 4K digital camera because of its impressive features, ease of use and great image quality. With its 48MP resolution and advanced autofocus technology, capturing HD images is a breeze.The camera is also very user-friendly, with clearly marked buttons that beginners can learn quickly. The compact and lightweight design makes this digital camera easy to fit in my pocket or bag, ensuring I don't miss a moment, perfect for travel and everyday use.

A good size for kids to playing. There's two batteries inside.This camera is light and small , easy to carry out. Modules are simple for new users.

I bought this camera to learn photography because I never had one. It is really a good camera for the beginner. It totally looks profesional but the software is very beginner friendly. The accessories of the camera are very complete, and the user manual is also available. We got it for a special event, outdoors during night time and the quality is definitely better that a phone. It also comes with a free SD card so you don't have to worry about storage.Its very practical to start learning about photography and vlogging.  I highly recommend getting it.